Angular

	Angular is a Typescript-based open source framework used to develop dynamic Single page application.

	Angular is designed to create webpages for large enterprise application. 

Angular vs AngularJS?

	AngularJS came out on October, 2010
	Angular 4 - March, 2017
	Angular 9 - February, 2020

	AgularJS is a JavaScript-based open source front-end web framework. It doesn't support the features of 
	a server side programming language, nor dynamic loading of the page. 

	Angular is a *complete rewrite* of AngularJS. Angular is build on *component hierarchy*.
	AngularJS is based on *controllers* and *scopes*.

AngularJS doesn't support mobiles 	vs Angular which supports mobiles
Uses MVC architecture to build applications vs 	Angular is component based UI to build the application.


	

What is a Single Page Application? 
	Application with a single page on the browser. All the necessary code; HTML, JavaScript and
	CSS is retrieve by the browser with a single page load. 
	So rather than navigating to multiple html pages, we can dynamically modify a single page. 

Advantages of single page apps:
	Fast and Responsive: SPA only updat the require elemnts/content, so the HTML CSS and JS are
				only loaded once. This is significantly faster.
	Caching capabilities: SPA can cache requsts locally, it can reuse the data and even work offline.
			(with the data being synchronised with the server when possible). 

The advantages of SPA lead to a more pleasent user experience. 

Disadvantages os SPAs:
	Data is frontloaded, the first page can load a little slower. (overall the performance is 
		still better)
	Doesn't perform as well with SEO, Search engine optimizations. 
	Security, SPAs are little bit less secure towards Cross-site attacks. 


Angular package structure:

	package.json: It's a JSON file that exists at the root of a JS/node project.
		It holds metadata relevant to the project. Used for managing the project's 
		dependencies. 

	tsconfig.json: It's a JSON file, that configures how Typescript is transpiled into
		JavaScript. 

	tslint.json: A file that configures what standards your code should follow. 

	app.module.ts: Keeps track of all of your modules. 
			(A module is basically a piece of code)

	Webpack:
		Used to bundle JavaScript modules into a single JavaScript file(s).
		A module is just a file, one script is one module. Modules can be 
		exported and imported by other modules. 

Angular decorators:
	Provides meta data for Angular.

Angular Directives

1. Structural directives: 
	Modify the DOM layout by adding and removing DOM elements. *ngFor or *ngIf
	(directives with an '*' are Strcutral directives)

2. Attributive directives: 
	Changing the appearance or behaviour of an element, component or another directive. 

3. Component directives:
	Defines a class to be a component.

